So, you finally want to hop on the Tik
Tok shop craze and get your product on
Tik Tok shop or start your very own Tik
Tok shop business. In this video, I'm
going to give you the step-by-step guide
on how to actually set up your Tik Tok
shop business and basically go from idea
to store to sales. My name is Ryan Maya.
I own two brands that currently sell on
Tik Tok shop, seven figureure brands.
One is a pickleball brand and one is a
fishing brand. This is a measly pair of
scissors that we've sold millions and
millions of dollars of. Step number one
to Tik Tok shop, you need a physical
product. Something like this, right?
This is a physical product. You can't
sell digital products on Tik Tok shop.
You need to have a Tik Tok shoppable
product. And what does that mean? Your
product needs to be demonstrable. It
means you can make a video that
demonstrates how the product works and
then link it right there in Tik Tok on a
little short form video so people can
buy it. There's certain products that
are Tik Tok shoppable and there are
certain products that aren't. like a
very generic, they call it nonsubjective
products are not really Tik Tok
shoppable. What does that mean? If
you're selling like a pair of like a
fork and a knife, and there's nothing
special about it, there's a very good
chance you're not going to get someone
to impulse purchase that and say, "I
need that fork and knife right away."
Now, you may see these very boring pair
of scissors. Something that's cool about
it is they're braided fishing line
scissors that cut extremely well. So, I
make a lot of videos demonstrating how
they cut, but in addition to that, they
have multi-function like a screwdriver
built in, some other tools built in, a
bottle opener builtin. They come with
this super cool locking sheath. I'm
going into like my Tik Tok shop spiel.
So, it has different features that we
can call out in the video that make it
very demonstrable. So, number one, for
your product for this to work, it really
does have to be a demonstrable type of
product. There are certain products in
our catalog, we have over 500 SKs, we
only advertise a certain portion of
those because I know they're
demonstrable and we can sell we can show
them off in the videos where the other
ones like we have for pickle ball a pair
uh a roll of court tape like literally
duct tape. It doesn't work on Tik Tok
shop. No one's going to want to impulse
buy a roll of duct tape to make a court.
So just keep that in mind when you're
starting this business. So once you kind
of have the idea and the foundation for
your business, next you're going to have
to go to Tik Tok shop and create your
Tik Tok shop store. So you can go to
business this URL right here,
business.tiktockshop.com
or just do a Google uh Google search of
Tik Tok shop, right? And it'll come up
um I believe it is like right here, the
third one. So you click here and then
you're going to click get started. So
they have a few options. customer,
partner, creator, seller. You're going
to be a seller because this is your
business. This is not Tik Tok shop
affiliate, which is where creators make
videos um as an affiliate and pro and
promote products. You're the actual
business because you own the product.
So, here you're going to go to seller
and click join now. And then once you
get to this page, this is where you're
going to go through the steps, sign up
with your email, your phone number, all
your business information to get started
with Tik Tok. Now, in order to sell on
Tik Tok, you are going to need an LLC.
If you're outside of the US, again, I'm
speaking as a US-based person, you need
an LLC here in the United States to sell
on the United States Tik Tok Shop
platform. So, make sure you have an LLC.
If you do not have an LLC, you need to
create one. Normally, in e-commerce, in
the past, I've said, don't worry about
LLC's. Start making sales first, then
get your LLC because starting an LLC is
complicated. You got to do bookkeeping.
Um, you got to file your taxes. You got
to do sales tax. I think that's all like
it's very confusing and very hard to do
when you haven't sold a single product
and kind of a waste of time and money.
But in order to sell on Tik Tok shop,
your LLC is required. And if you come
over to my screen, check this out. So
Doula essentially helps you. It's like
business in a box, right? It helps you
with LLC formation, bookkeeping,
business taxes, sales tax, basically an
all-in-one platform to help with like
every aspect of business in one place.
When I started my LLC, I went to a CPA
and paid them $500. Then for sales tax,
I had to go with another firm. And then
for bookkeeping, I hired someone on
Fiverr. Went through three people. They
all sucked. And it just takes a really
long time to find an all-in-one
solution. And that's what Doula actually
does. Like, I'm telling you, if you're a
beginner in business, there's so many uh
things you're going to learn along the
way, but Doula just gives you the fast
track to it. Again, this business in a
box feature, it basically tells you
exactly what you get, right? formation
filings, EIN numbers, compliance, taxes,
sales tax. I can't tell you how diff
like I started my business and didn't
pay sales tax for the longest time
because I had no idea what was going on.
So, with Doula, they actually do it all
for you and make sure you're compliant
with all the state and regulatory taxes
you need to pay. I'm getting this out of
the way now because I want to set you up
for success in the future. Having an LLC
is crucial, but most importantly,
bookkeeping and taxes is how you
actually look at the numbers in your
business and thrive moving forward.
Like, if you're just selling stuff and
not keeping track of your stuff using a
bookkeeper, you're going to be lost and
likely not going to make money or
profit, you might see revenue, but you
might actually be losing money. You can
see they have a 30-day free trial on
bookkeeping. They have LLC formation, as
I mentioned before, and they help you
stay totally compliant with taxes. I'm
telling you, this is the easiest
solution you'll ever find. If you click
the link in the description, you can use
my link down below to save some money on
Doula and get all of this started right
away. I highly recommend it if you're
not doing any of this stuff already. So,
once you use Doula and you have your LLC
set up and all that compliant
information, you're going to come back
to this page and sign up for Tik Tok
Shop. If you have that information,
great. Skip that previous step and just
come right here. And again, you're going
to enter in your business info and phone
number and just go through the steps.
It's going to ask you your email
address, your business address, uh your
your website link, etc., etc. It's very
simple and straightforward. It's like
signing up for any other platform. And
then once you do that, you're going to
then come over to seller center, which
I'm going to show you now. And this is
what your homepage looks like in Tik Tok
shop seller center. It's just like
Shopify or Amazon, right? You have your
orders tab, you have your products, you
have your marketing tab. What I love is
they have like the marketing integrated
into Tik Tok shop, but it's super easy.
So, first step, right? You're going to
come over and you're going to add your
very first product. So come over here
and click manage products or products
and then you're going to click add new
product. Here you're going to create a
very basic listing just like if you ever
created a listing on Amazon or Shopify.
It's very same thing. You're going to
add as many images as possible. You're
going to add your product name, your
title, your product details. You can
even add a horizontal video just like
Amazon. And then sales information,
right? um price, cost, sale price, all
that stuff is going to go here. Let me
show you an actual example of what it
kind of looks like on a filled out
product. So, this is uh so this product
I just clicked on are these shears that
I just mentioned. So, as you can see, we
have our white background images. We
have our infographic images, which I
suggest you have square infographic
images. We have our product name, and
they even gave you some AI suggestions,
but you don't have to do it. You could
throw in some search terms like Amazon.
um make it very search term and
keywordriheavy because people are
searching for stuff in Tik Tok all the
time. Um so you'll put that there.
You'll put the category right. Make sure
you get the category right. Uh because
that's how Tik Tok kind of assigns your
ad spend and who they show the videos
to. So this is very very important that
you get the category right. Make sure
you put your brand name. I don't know
why this has not here. I'm not going to
touch it because Tik Tok is a little bit
sensitive and I don't want the listing
to go down. But Beyond Braid is what I
would put here. uh quantity per pack.
This you don't have to do. It's just a
one pack thing. Um and then here is
where you make your description as uh
in-depth as possible. So we have these
horizontal A+ images. Let me show you
what this looks like on our website to
give you a better understanding.
Um it looks the same exact way on Tik
Tok shop. So again, you have these uh
square infographics and then you have
these horizontal ones. These appear in
the Tik Tok shop feed as well. So it
looks really really clean. Um, and then
this video that we have here.
Hey, what's up guys? It's Ryan with
that goofy looking guy. It's the same
video that we have here. You have all of
the selling points for your product
listing to give you the best chance when
someone clicks on that product listing
on Tik Tok shop. They're going to
convert. They're going to see all the
information possible. And then this, if
your product has variations, like
different colors or sizes, you can then
add them here. Now, on to pricing. This
is where you're going to put your retail
pricing. This is where you're going to
put your inventory and your SKS. So, you
have to make up a skew for your product.
If you have SKS already, great. Just put
in all this information here. Do some
product compliance, product weight, and
shipping. If you're going to do free
shipping, um, still get your product
weight and dimensions correct. We do
free shipping. So, that's why the
package dimensions are 1 in x 1 inch by
1 in. Tik Tok has its own shipping, so
you can print labels off Tik Tok. If you
ship with a 3PL thirdparty logistics
company like we do, they print their own
labels and shipping rates. So, we don't
worry about Tik Tok shop shipping rates.
If you're a small business, let's say
you have the inventory in your garage.
You have 200 units of whatever product
you're selling. You can set up the
shipping on Tik Tok and use Tik Tok's
discounted shipping rates. Make sure
this dimensions are correct. If not,
it's going to charge your customers 20
bucks or no money and then you're going
to lose money or you're going to charge
too much money and not make sales. So,
make sure the shipping information is
correct. And after that, look at that.
Listing quality is good. We have
everything good to go. You'll just click
save and you're on your way to starting
to sell. And one thing I just found
super interesting literally while making
this video, Tik Tok literally has like
they're turning this into Amazon and
they're competing with Amazon. So, like
you can type in Beyond Fishing Shears
and I think see the whole listing come
up. Look at that. This is literally
Amazon 2.0. And you can see we sold
25,000. We have 4.9 stars. Sold by
Beyond Braid. Check mark. Looking legit.
So, like, did I not tell you this looks
exactly the same? This is where they're
going, guys. You got the reviews there.
We got our videos. Like, this looks
absolutely sexy. I'm loving this. I'm
loving this. I'm loving this. Damn, we
need to respond faster. So, and look, it
has all the videos for this product. I'm
telling you, Tik Tok Shop is going to
take over the world. I'm glad you're
watching this video and getting a head
start on this stuff because you are
going to make some money with this. So,
this is what you want your listing to
look like. Feel free to search up my
products beyond braid or professor
pickle ball and get inspired and just
copy what we do. Make something very
similar obviously to your own products
niche. Okay, so moving on to the next
phase, which is probably what I'm best
at and now it's marketing, creating
videos to actually sell the product on
Tik Tok shop. Let's zoom out for one
second and we'll come right back in.
What is Tik Tok? Tik Tok is a short form
platform that people scroll really fast.
They got a 3se secondond attention span
and they're just looking for quick
dopamine hits. So knowing that you have
to cater your videos to be sellable on
Tik Tok shop. So all the videos we're
making, they have quick intros. They
have a visual or or verbal hook, which
I'll show you some examples of. They
have a feature and benefit or
demonstrating the the product like I
mentioned to you earlier. And then they
have a call to action saying, "Hey, it's
on sale. Get it in Tik Tok shop." So,
let's run you through an example of what
that would look like. I'm just going to
do a quick like little live demo and I'm
going to show you some actual video. So,
you're scrolling. You see my face pop up
and I say boom. Like this little action
right here. It will stop the scroll cuz
it's like a little bit of movement and
people are kind of shocked and I go
boom. Check out these shears. They're
the best braided line on the shears.
They got a bottle opener, a screwdriver,
and they cut through 300lb test and
steel wire. We're running a huge flash
sale. Get it in the link below. Boom. 15
seconds. Has the hook. Has some features
and benefits. Ideally, I cut some
braided line right there and show you.
And then I tell you to get it in the
link below. That simple feature has sold
us hundreds of thousands of dollars of
this product. Let me show you an
example. So, here's a perfect example.
Our shears have gone absolutely viral on
Tik Tok for a reason. Here we have 80 lb
braid and with no tension, it cuts like
butter. And a lot of people ask, "Oh,
heavy pound braid is easy to cut." Blah,
blah, blah. Here we have 15 pound braid.
Same situation, light butter, no tendon.
Boom. Another one here. Memorial Day
sale. Huge Memorial Day sale on the
Beyond Fishing Shears. This is the
cheapest I've ever seen them. It will
only last a couple days. So, you've been
wanting these viral shears. I would
suggest getting them now while they're
on this massive sale. Awesome pair of
scissors for the So, that was the
example of our shears. Let me show you
some other uh videos. Look, you can come
to our page and look at this stuff. You
can see the kind of views we're
generating. It's because we've mastered
the formula of hook, verbal, or visual,
demonstrate, and then call to action.
Here's another video of braided fishing
line.
We're out here. We're fishing for the
rare golden tile golden Van doll
special. Check out that monster out
there.
We got him on.
The reason we got them on is because
we're using Beyond Braid. Check this
out. We have all of the Beyond Braid
colors right here. We got Blackout,
Patriot, White, which is what we're
using. We're having a huge flash sale on
all of this braided line. It's the best
braided line on all of Tik Tok shop,
maybe the whole internet. And if you
want to catch monsters on your Gold Van
stall, you catch goldens like that. We
got them, baby.
Right. So sometimes you got to you got
to know what platform you're on. Like
getting engagements in the comments by
saying we're fishing for golden
retrievers will make the video go viral.
So it's just being a little bit stupid,
being a little bit quirky, but at the
heart of it knowing what you're
promoting, right? I know for a fact that
that gold reel with the golden retriever
is going to get people to stop and watch
the video and then I get into the
promotion. So literally follow that same
thing. Use AI. Use chat GBT. Say, "Hey,
I have a spatula or a product that I
want to make Tik Tok shop videos for.
Give me a Tik Tok shop layout that
features hook both visual and verbal.
Give me a feature and benefit to
demonstrate." And then a call to action.
The call to action is the same every
time. Flash sale. It's on sale in the
link below. Tik Tok shop. I like to say
in the link below now because then we
use those same videos on um Instagram
and Facebook. If you mention Tik Tok
shop, they just don't do as well. So
just say get it in the link below. If
it's just for Tik Tok shop, say uh this
is a t uh get it in the Tik Tok shop
below. I have many other videos on my
channel talking about marketing and
creating these short form videos. That
is the secret sauce to this entire
business. You can have a mediocre
product, but if your marketing is on
point, you're going to make money in
this Tik Tok shop business. At the end
of the day, it's a content platform.
That's the heart of this business. This
Tik Tok shop business is making good
content. We're posting one to three
times a day on Tik Tok shop. That might
seem a little bit ambitious for you in
the beginning. Here, I'm going to calm
your mind really quick. Right? That
video looks a little high quality. You
might be scared saying, "Hey, Ryan, like
I'm scared. I don't know how to make
videos that well, blah blah blah blah."
This is my personal page where I promote
all of our products. Please let me know
how hard this video is to make right
here. Like, literally a selfie camera
sitting at my desk with 6.5 million
views. You could do this. Look at this.
If you're a fisherman looking for the
biggest fishing g- coat of all time, I
got you. This is Beyond Braid. My name
is Ryan. I'm the owner of the company.
So, in this link right here on the Tik
Tok shop, I just made all of our braided
fishing line the cheapest on the entire
internet. Don't check our website. Don't
check Amazon. Don't check anywhere else.
Just check right here down in the link
below. You can get Miami Vibe, you can
get lava, you can get regular green, you
can get yellow, you can get the fan
fave, blue wave. It's all in the link
below. The cheapest on the entire
internet. Summer's here. It's start like
it's fishing time. So, you're welcome.
What is so hard about that video? That
video was one take, not hard. At my
desk, what makes the video cool is see
this text right here, fishing cheat code
revealed. So, steal that. If you're in
the kitchen space, put kitchen cheat
code revealed. Or if you're in the
supplement space, say supplement cheat
code revealed. Whatever it is, steal it.
Say, "Hey, look, I'm the owner of the
company." Do this from your own Tik Tok
page and say, "Look, I made this the
cheapest thing in the entire internet.
Um, I'm the owner of this company. Get
it down below. This is your cheat code.
You're welcome." And people are like,
they love to talk in the comments,
but it doesn't matter. As simple as
that. That video got 6.5 million views
and has made hundreds of thousands of
dollars. Super, super simple. It's much
easier said than done, but I've made
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
videos. Some of them do well, some of
them don't do well. Most get views,
right? Because I'm constantly cranking
it out. So, you just got to commit to
making the videos and I promise you'll
start to see traction eventually. All
right. Now, let's head back to the home
center of Tik Tok seller center and
we're going to show you how to actually
set up some marketing for those videos
that you do. So, you're going to come
over to this marketing section. You're
going to come come over to shop ads and
then here is I'm going to show you the
easiest kind of paid ads you're ever
going to run in your entire life. You're
going to click this button here and
click create GMV Max ads. I'm going to
explain to you what those are in a
second. Essentially, you're going to
click add a product. You're going to do
one of two things. I suggest to do it
this way. You're going to do it one
product. For every single product you
have, you're going to create your own
campaign. So each one of these products
we have in their own campaign. Simply
select it. Um, you're going to come over
here and set a product ROI. So,
basically ROI, for every $1 you spend,
you want to make $3.2. That's what this
product ROI is. You're going to set a
daily budget of $4,000. Don't worry,
it's not going to spend anywhere near
this. So, if to feel comfortable, put
$500. If you're lucky, it might spend
$50 on the first one on the first day.
You're still probably confused, but just
follow me here. And that's all you have
to do is select a product, select an ROI
target, select a budget, and click
publish. Now, what this does, this is
the easiest advertising tool you will
ever use. Simply explained, every single
video you post from your page tagged
with that product will go into these GMV
Max campaigns and Tik Tok automatically
tests the creative for you, creates the
ad, promotes that video, puts some ad
spend behind it. if it performs well, if
it falls within the parameters of your
ROI target. They're showing it to
people. People are buying. You're
getting a return on your ad spend. They
will then spend the money and show you
more. So, let's get a real-time example
of what that looks like, right? We're
posting every single day. This is what
for the last uh 7 days. So, this is our
braided line listing. This is our shear
listing, right? You can see we have all
of our products broken down. Now, you
come over here and it all falls into
that same category. I like to set mine
at a 3 to four ROI target with a budget
starting at call it 300 to 1,000 and
then ed um adjust from there. And
basically, right, you come into view
details, you then come into view
creatives and I'm going to show you all
of the creatives that are working for us
right now. So, you could see myself, I'm
the biggest affiliate for our brand. We
have another affiliate. We have our
official account, right? We have other
affiliates. So, it basically takes all
of these Tik Tok shot videos, whether
from your brand, your affiliate account,
other affiliates, as long as you have
their permission with with affiliate uh
mass authorization. That's what this is.
Most affiliates nowadays have that
turned on. So, you should be good. As
soon as those videos are posted, they
get thrown into this campaign. And you
can see they go into the learning
section where these are all new videos
that are being tested in real time to
see if they're profitable. Sometimes
they spend, sometimes they don't. And
then they go into the delivering stage
once Tik Tok gets a feel for it and
says, "Hey, this works." All of this is
fancy terminology for if you've ever
created Facebook ads, you don't have to
go in there and create the ads, the
targeting, the this, the click the link,
the that. It's the easiest form of
advertising you've literally ever seen.
So, we stick with this. This is the only
form of advertising I do. Two things for
marketing. Create good videos, run GMV
Max campaigns, and you get these kind of
results. So, let's zoom out and show you
some more results. So, for the last
three months on this account, we've
spent $153,000.
Got 16,000 orders. Cost per order at
$9.50, which is wild. On Facebook, it's
double that. Gross revenue 492,000. ROI
3.2. On Facebook right now, we're lucky
to do a 2.0x rorowaz. This is freaking
insanity. So, again, we're doing this
for all of our products.
Uh, these are all actually out of stock.
That's why they're not delivering. So,
go ahead, just break out all your
products, set up G&V Max, and in order
for this to work, you need to make a lot
of creatives. So, try to do one to three
a day, send out a bunch of samples to um
affiliates, which I'll get into next,
and just get this set up from the
beginning. And this should get you on
the right track to starting to get
tractions with your products. All right,
let's talk about affiliates. What are
Tik Tok shop affiliates? How do they
work? You see all the free samples going
out, you see people making videos. This
is the heart and soul of Tik Tok. So
you're going to come over to on your
homepage, you're going to come over to
affiliate. You basically have two
options that I click into. This I don't
look at. I only look at these two.
Basically, you have an open
collaboration and a target
collaboration. Let me explain the
difference. In open collaboration, when
you click into here, essentially this is
for all your products that you have that
anyone could buy your products and
create videos with it. And that's the
standard commission you're going to pay.
So for example, our standard commission
on this Beyond Drying towel. Let's say
you go to Tik Tok shop right now and buy
our Beyond drying towel. You make a
video and happen to get a sale. We will
pay you 15% of that sale. Let's say this
drying towel is for simple math $100.
You make a sale on your video that you
posted, you will get $15 in commission.
That's how affiliates work. So,
you can see across the board, some
products we have at 30%, some products
we have at 15, some we have at 10, some
we have higher, lower. just depends on
the specific margin. There's no specific
reason we're going higher or lower. It's
all on the profit margin of that
product. So that's open collaboration
and that you should have an open
collaboration for every single one of
your products that you're listing on Tik
Tok shop. Now for target collab,
this is where you can actually target
specific creators that work on Tik Tok
shop and give them higher commission
levels or um send them free samples. All
of the above. So this is my friend
Chico. Chico is an all-star. He's a
business owner and a all-star Tik Tok
shop creator. And I gave him all of our
most popular products. And I gave him a
higher commission, 20% which is higher
than we normally offer people. And I
gave him all the free samples. So as
soon as he saw this, he could just click
accept, accept, accept on his end. We
ship him out the free samples and then
he makes the product videos as an
affiliate. Now that's the target collab
where I'm actually sending samples to
people. Here you can come over to this
sample request area and this is where
people actually request samples and this
is up to you to decide are they good
enough or are they in the right
industry? Are they good enough at Tik
Tok shop for you to be willing to send
them samples. So let's go over how all
this sample stuff works. So right now
you can see we have 252 sample requests
to review, right? People always want
free We're not sending samples to
nearly any of these people. This is how
I kind of sort it. So, you can go by
followers, estimated post rate, or sales
volume. The first way I toggle it is by
sales volume. I'm like, let's see who
has a lot of sales volume. So, this guy,
right, $44,000 he's produced and has
200,000 followers. That looks like a
good one. You can always click on this
and go look at their videos and their
metrics, which is super helpful. Um, and
just see what kind of videos they're
making.
And then let's go back here. And then
this is now the next most important
feature. 70% post rate. That means for
every samp every 10 samples they get,
they're posting 70% of the time. Seven
out of 10. We're really only sending
samples to people that are over 75%
unless this number is really sexy and
they've done like a shitload of sales or
they have a lot of followers. So, you
just kind of it it definitely depends on
the creator or if they're just a really
good fishing creator, they don't have a
lot of followers, but they make good
fishing stuff, I want to send them
fishing gear. They're making videos for
free. Normally in the past, you'd have
to pay people 100, 200, a,000, $10,000
to make videos uh with your products.
Now, you just send them a free product.
Like, this scissor cost us $3. With
shipping costs $6, I can get someone to
make a video for $6. Send out as many as
you freaking can in the beginning. Load
the samples up to get the the algorithm
going to get your GMV Max campaign
filled with creators promoting your
product. That is the whole cycle. We
have, I think, over 5,000 or 10,000
people, different affiliates posting
about all of our Beyond Braid stuff.
Hence why we've done millions of dollars
in sales. So, let's just look for a good
candidate that I want to send some stuff
to. Um, if this isn't looking sexy, go
by estimated post rate and sort it that
way, right? So, 97 Sha Day like this
dude posts all the time. 100% approving
this person.
Uh, I can't approve it because we are
out of stock. Shitaki. Uh, let's see.
Mama Meg. Mama Meg doesn't have that
many sales, but she posts a lot for me.
That's good enough. Let's approve it.
You can see what skew. Mama Meg, you're
getting this. So, as soon as I click
approve, it then goes into our order
section, which then our warehouse and
our 3PL picks, packs, and ships the item
to the thing uh to the customer. So, you
can see we have a ready to ship tab.
These are all samples we've approved
today. And then we have our ship
section. So, these are all the uh
products we shipped to these people. And
then in progress 96, that's products
we've sent um to people that are
currently working on videos and then
completed. Uh you can then see view
content like look, we sent this to this
person, they completed the content.
Let's see what video they did.
Some videos are good, some videos are
bad. It's the risk you're willing to
take. Let's see this one.
braid. It's got some new fishing
scissors. And these are just more than
scissors. These things are incredible.
They cut very well. There's bottle
opener. There's tools on there.
There's crimpers in between here. Right?
You get the gist. Some videos are good,
some videos are bad. You may say that's
not a great video, but like raw,
unedited videos like that really do work
the best for Tik Tok shop. So, that's
how the whole sample process works.
Another amazing tool that I use, and
I'll link um a discount for you in the
description as well, is this Yuka tool.
So, essentially, you can set up um bots
to do mass outreach, targeted collabs.
And then you can see a whole bunch of
other stuff here as well. Um you can
look at top selling products, top
selling brands. There's brands doing 150
million. Goalie is doing 150 million
bucks on Tik Tok shop. Good for them.
So, let's type in Beyond Braid just for
shits and giggles to see uh what kind of
revenue we're doing. I think this is on
an annual basis. $2.7 million for Beyond
Bra. You guys thought I was uh pulling
your chain. No, we're actually selling.
So, Yuka is really good for uh creator
outreach and sample outreach. I'll link
them in the description. So, now you
kind of have the overall picture of how
to start this thing. Now, how do you
actually get successful is you make a
lot of content. You make a lot of
different kind of content. demonstrable
stuff, viral style stuff, AI style
stuff. It's on a flash sale style stuff
and you see what works. Let's come over
to my Tik Tok page and you can see I
have a wide variety of style um styles
of videos and whenever I see something
that works, I just double down on it.
Like this video has 1.9 million views.
It's basically like whenever you talk
about price and Amazon for some reason,
but it's cheaper on Amazon. It Certainly
not. People love that for some reason.
And another thing they love is when I
show all of the colors of the fishing
line, just like in this video, it's got
6.5 million views. People for some
reason love that. So, you'll see I
double down on that stuff a lot because
that's the style I found that works. Um,
there's some stuff that doesn't work,
right? But normally when I'm showing all
the colors of fishing line, for some
reason, it works.
And you can see I promote both my pickle
ball brand and my fishing brand all
through um my one page because my little
secret here and this is a big tidbit is
Tik Tok is a creator platform. Tik Tok
wants to push creators not necessarily
brands. So the more affiliates you can
get like I'm an affiliate for my brand I
think the better the content does.
That's a little quick hack. Um, I think
you need a,000 or 5,000 followers on
your own affiliate Tik Tok to become a
Tik Tok shop affiliate. If you don't
have that on your own Tik Tok, go buy an
account and then just change the name.
Like there's Tik Tok accounts with
a,000, 5,000, 10,000 followers for sale
out there. You can get them pretty cheap
and just go buy it and then start making
videos for your own brand as an
affiliate. Make them on your brand page
for sure, but also do it as an
affiliate. That's a little sleeper trick
that's working super well for us right
now. I know there was a lot covered in
this video, but I promise you if you
stick to this business, this whole Tik
Tok shop thing is still brand new. Hop
on the train early and establish
yourself as a brand before Tik Tok shop
becomes saturated and you will make a
shitload of money if you get this done
right. Don't give up. Make good content.
Focus on Tik Tok shoppable products,
demonstrable products. And if you need
any help or have any specific questions,
please link them in the comments below.
Go check out Doula. Use my link in the
description. They are an absolutely
amazing company to get your business
started as a beginner on the right foot.
Hope you guys enjoyed this video. I'll
see you guys on the next one.